Hello Ernst,

Here is the technical test for you !

Scenario:
	A company has a an R&D project to explore a web-sockets module-based architecture using NodeJS. 

Criteria to follow are the following:

	1 - server-client communication uses only JSON. 
		Client must be fully independent in creating user interface.
		The server does not push HTML fragments. 
		The server data-transmission technology should allow an easy interface with mobile clients 
		that could be native, web or hybrid. (for this test we only test a web client)

	2 - Qunit must be used to unit test the client side connecting to the server with a web socket (asynchronously).
	3 - Server side can use express in conjunction with with ws (https://www.npmjs.org/package/ws) and NOT socket.IO.

	4 - client side javascript does not use any abstraction web socket libraries but pure native web socket object.
	5 - no template libraries (ex: moustache, brackets or alike). Web-client must be pure jQuery.
	6 - no Bootstrap pollution. Just pure jQuery/javascript and handmade CSS.

The project should be able to:

	1 - client connects to server
	2 - server registers the client and store it into a connection list to be able to reopen a connection 
		if the client disconnects (page refresh, browser close and reopens).
	3 - client send a simple hello message with his name
	4 - server responds with a welcome message using the client username.
	5 - client disconnect and reconnect and the server send a welcome back message recognising the client 
		from the previous connection id.

PS: up to you to decide if local storage or cookies should be used to store client state.
	One option is also to use javascript fingerprint. 

A plus will be:

	1 - SCSS instead of SCSS. 
	2 - Code documentation with YUIDoc http://yui.github.io/yuidoc/ or similar for both client side and server side.
	3 - Unit testing for client side and server side.
	4 - NodeJS server implements a RESTful and Web-socket servers into one, so that I can use standard ajax or web sockets.

Schedule:
	Working 3 hour per day for 5 days should be enough to achieve the objectives. 
	If you need more time just let me know. 

Let me know when you plan to start, also with Emilia we are looking for a spot in our weekly schedule so that you can come to visit us.

Cheers,
Marco

Genioo
Marco Falsitta

Genioo AG
	Bundesplatz 1
	CH-6300 Zug
	   Tel: +41 41 410 72 72
	Mobile: +41 79 504 89 38
	   Web: www.genioo.com
